fix: moving components between files is breaking (#929)
googleapis/aip: aip/general/0180.md

where this can allow users to specify conflicting values for the same semantic
idea, the behavior **must** be clearly specified.

### Moving components between files

> Components **must not** be moved between files.

Reviewer: How about:

Existing components ...

This way it reads the same as the previous section.

Author: Done!

> Even though moving a component from one proto file to another proto file within

Reviewer: Suggested edit:

Moving a component from one proto file to another within the same package is wire compatible, however the code generated for languages like C++ or Python will result in breaking change since `import` and `#include` will no longer point to the correct code location.

Author: Done!

> the same package is wire compatible, it is a breaking change for the source code
> since the way how the specific component is imported (`import` / `#include` /

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the same package is wire compatible, it is a breaking change for code that directly
imports the file previously containing the component  (`import` / `#include` /
```

## Changelog

- **2022-08-11**: Clarified that moving components to a different file is

>   breaking.

Reviewer: I think this isn't just clarification. You have added an entire section so stating:

Added "Moving components between files" section.

would be a lot more descriptive about your change.

Author: Done!
